Money Tree
$169

Popular for its use in Feng Shui, the Money Tree is a pet-friendly and air-purifying plant with large star-shaped leaves and a braided trunk to give your home a tropical feel.



Details & Care

Size:
XL - 32”-40” tall (including recycled plastic Ecopot)

Difficulty:
No-fuss - Carefree

Light:
Low to Bright Indirect

Pet friendly:
Yes - Non-toxic and pet-friendly

Air Cleaner:
Yes - Releases oxygen and absorbs pollutants



What’s Included
- Healthy plant pre-potted with premium soil
- Ecopots pot and saucer
- All the tips and tricks for expert-level care



Description

Composed of several Pachinra aquatica plants braided together, the Money Tree resembles both a tree and a palm. Native from Mexico to northern South America where it grows up to 60 feet tall outdoors, this is a commonly found houseplant in East Asia where the braided trunk cultivation was popularized.

The Money Tree was named after the Feng Shui belief that it will foster positive energy and bring good luck to its owner. This plant may also reduce stress, anxiety, and may also help to relieve sleeping disorders.

A Clean Air Study by NASA named the Money Tree as one of the most effective houseplants for clearing toxins from the air of your home.




Botanical name:
Pachira aquatica



Common name(s):
Money Tree, Good Luck Tree, Malabar Chestnut, Saba Nut, Guiana Chestnut, Wild Kapock Tree, Mexican Money Tree



People also browsed

Sanseviera
$149
(img provided)

Mini Money Tree
$49
(img provided)

Red Prayer Plant
$39
(img provided)

Bird of Paradise
$199
(img provided)



What people are saying

"This is the best plant store I have ever ordered from! My plants were shipped/delivered so fast. When I had a question, Bloomscape got back to me right away, and they were so friendly!"
- Jess J.

"The plants are in such great shape when they arrive, the pots are beautiful, and the variety is fantastic."
- Meghan K.

"I knew nothing about plants, and was able to feel confident about caring for them. I haven’t killed one yet, thanks to help from your care guides and Plant Mom!"
- Kayla B.
